Bypass of spi_axis_reoder IP for Capture Zone 1 and SDI number 2 (ad4630)  or 1 (ad4030) (#1756)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/projects/ad4630_fmc/index.rst

Reviewer: You need to add the description of this new parameter in the documentation as well

   :align: center
   :alt: AD4630_FMC SPI mode - transfer zone 1 block diagram

> For 1 SDI (ad4030) or 2 SDIs (ad4630) a special mode can be build that bypass 

Reviewer 2: typo - bypasses

Author: Done

> For 1 SDI (ad4030) or 2 SDIs (ad4630) a special mode can be build that bypasses
> the spi_axis_reorder IP and connects the SPI Engine Offload directly to DMA. 
> For other number of SDIs this special mode is not expected to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 1 SDI (:adi:`AD4030`) or 2 SDIs (:adi:`AD4630`) a special mode can be built, that bypasses
the spi_axis_reorder IP and connects the SPI Engine Offload directly to the DMA. 
For **other** number of SDIs, this special mode **is not expected to work**.
```

.. image:: ad463x_hdl_cm0_cz1_no_reorder.svg
   :width: 800
   :align: center

>    :alt: AD4630_FMC SPI mode - transfer zone 1 block diagram without spi_axis_reorder IP

Reviewer 2: without USING THE spi_axis_reorder IP

  consecutive CNV positive edge -20ns

The DDR_EN configuration parameter defines the type of data transfer. In echo
and master clock mode the SDI lines can have Single or Double Data Rates:

> * 0 - MISO runs on SDR
> * 1 - MISO runs on DDR.
> 
> The NO_REORDER configuration paramter removes the spi_axis_reorder from system 
> for CAPTURE_ZONE = 1 and NUM_OF_SDI = 1 (ad4030) or NUM_OF_SDI = 2 (ad4630) and 
> directly connects the SPI Engine to DMA:
> 
> * 0 - spi_axis_reorder present (default)
> * 1 - spi_axis_reorder removed

Reviewer: This should be done the same, for the other parameters as well.

```suggestion
- 0 - MISO runs on SDR
- 1 - MISO runs on DDR.

The ``NO_REORDER`` configuration parameter removes the spi_axis_reorder IP from the system 
for CAPTURE_ZONE = 1 and NUM_OF_SDI = 1 (AD4030) or NUM_OF_SDI = 2 (AD4630) and 
directly connects the SPI Engine to DMA:

- 0 - spi_axis_reorder present (default)
- 1 - spi_axis_reorder removed
```
